README.md, before:

# Deep_learning_python

A series of notebooks that explore the theoretical fundamentals of Deep Learning and examples in Python using Keras and TensorFlow 2.
## Deep Learning
- [Introduction to Artificial Neural Networks](https://nbviewer.jupyter.org/github/victorviro/Deep_learning_python/blob/master/Introduction_artificial_neural_networks.ipynb)
- [The vanishing/exploding gradients problem](https://nbviewer.jupyter.org/github/victorviro/Deep_learning_python/blob/master/Vanishing_Exploding_gradients_problem_DNNs.ipynb)
- [Faster training](https://nbviewer.jupyter.org/github/victorviro/Deep_learning_python/blob/master/Faster_optimizers_DNNs.ipynb)
- [Regularization techniques](https://nbviewer.jupyter.org/github/victorviro/Deep_learning_python/blob/master/Regularization_DNNs.ipynb)
- [Reusing pretrained layers](https://nbviewer.jupyter.org/github/victorviro/Deep_learning_python/blob/master/Reusing_pretrained_layers_DNNs.ipynb)
- [Introduction to TensorFlow: operations and data structures](https://nbviewer.jupyter.org/github/victorviro/Deep_learning_python/blob/master/TensorFlow_operations_and_data_structures.ipynb)
- [Custom models and custom training with TensorFlow](https://nbviewer.jupyter.org/github/victorviro/Deep_learning_python/blob/master/Tensorflow_custom_models_and_training.ipynb)
- [TensorFlow’s autodifferentiation](https://nbviewer.jupyter.org/github/victorviro/Deep_learning_python/blob/master/TensorFlow%E2%80%99s_autodifferentiation.ipynb)
- [Keras Functional and Subclassing APIs](https://nbviewer.jupyter.org/github/victorviro/Deep_learning_python/blob/master/Keras_Functional_API.ipynb)


## Computer Vision
- [Introduction to Convolutional Neural Networks (CNN)](https://nbviewer.jupyter.org/github/victorviro/Deep_learning_python/blob/master/Introduction_to_CNNs.ipynb)
- [CNN architectures](https://nbviewer.jupyter.org/github/victorviro/Deep_learning_python/blob/master/CNN_Architectures.ipynb)
- [Predictions with pre-trained models in Keras](https://nbviewer.jupyter.org/github/victorviro/Deep_learning_python/blob/master/Keras_pretained_models.ipynb)
- [Transfer learning CIFAR-10 Image Classification](https://nbviewer.jupyter.org/github/victorviro/Deep_learning_python/blob/master/Cifar_10_Image_classification_via_fine_tuning.ipynb)
- [Introduction to object detection](https://nbviewer.jupyter.org/github/victorviro/Deep_learning_python/blob/master/Introduction_to_object_detection.ipynb)
- [Improving object detection](https://nbviewer.jupyter.org/github/victorviro/Deep_learning_python/blob/master/Improving_object_detection.ipynb)
- [Object detection: YOLO](https://nbviewer.jupyter.org/github/victorviro/Deep_learning_python/blob/master/YOLO_explained.ipynb)
- [Wheat detection using YOLO](https://www.kaggle.com/viroviro/wheat-detection-using-yolov5)

## Sequence modeling
- [Introduction to Recurrent Neural Networks (RNN)](https://nbviewer.jupyter.org/github/victorviro/Deep_learning_python/blob/master/Introduction_to_RNNs.ipynb)
- [Forecasting a time series with RNN](https://nbviewer.jupyter.org/github/victorviro/Deep_learning_python/blob/master/Forecasting_a_time_series_with_RNN.ipynb)
- [RNN: Unstable gradients problem and Short-Term Memory](https://nbviewer.jupyter.org/github/victorviro/Deep_learning_python/blob/master/RNNs_long_sequences.ipynb)

## NLP
- [Text Vectorization](https://nbviewer.jupyter.org/github/victorviro/Deep_learning_python/blob/master/Text_Vectorization_NLP.ipynb)
- [Word2vec CBOW model](https://nbviewer.jupyter.org/github/victorviro/Deep_learning_python/blob/master/Word2vec_CBOW_model.ipynb)
- [Masking and padding with Keras](https://nbviewer.jupyter.org/github/victorviro/Deep_learning_python/blob/master/Masking_and_padding_with_Keras.ipynb)
- [Character-level lenguage model with RNN](https://nbviewer.jupyter.org/github/victorviro/Deep_learning_python/blob/master/Char_RNN_with_Keras.ipynb)
- [An Encoder Decoder RNN for Neural Machine Translation (NMT) with Keras](https://nbviewer.jupyter.org/github/victorviro/Deep_learning_python/blob/master/NLP_Encoder_Decoder_NMT.ipynb)
- [Bidirectional RNNs and Beam Search algorithm for improving NMT](https://nbviewer.jupyter.org/github/victorviro/Deep_learning_python/blob/master/Bidirectional_RNNs_and_Beam_Search.ipynb)
- [Attention mechanisms and the trasnformer architecture](https://nbviewer.jupyter.org/github/victorviro/Deep_learning_python/blob/master/NLP_Attention_and_Transformer_architecture.ipynb)
- [Bidirectional Encoder Representations for Transformers (BERT)](https://nbviewer.jupyter.org/github/victorviro/Deep_learning_python/blob/master/BERT.ipynb)
- [Detecting disaster tweets with DistilBERT](https://www.kaggle.com/viroviro/distilbert-for-detecting-disaster-tweets)

## Generative modeling

- [Autoencoders](https://nbviewer.jupyter.org/github/victorviro/Deep_learning_python/blob/master/Autoencoders_explained.ipynb)

## Deployment of Machine Learning Models

- [Deploying TensorFlow Models with TF Serving](https://nbviewer.jupyter.org/github/victorviro/Deep_learning_python/blob/master/Deploying_TensorFlow_Models_with_TF_Serving.ipynb)
- [Deploying TensorFlow Models with TF Serving in a Docker container](https://github.com/victorviro/tf_serving_mnist)

Commit message:

Updated README (added link to notebook Transfer learning and pre-trained language models)

README.md, after:

# Deep_learning_python

A series of notebooks that explore the theoretical fundamentals of Deep Learning and examples in Python using Keras and TensorFlow 2.
## Deep Learning
- [Introduction to Artificial Neural Networks](https://nbviewer.jupyter.org/github/victorviro/Deep_learning_python/blob/master/Introduction_artificial_neural_networks.ipynb)
- [The vanishing/exploding gradients problem](https://nbviewer.jupyter.org/github/victorviro/Deep_learning_python/blob/master/Vanishing_Exploding_gradients_problem_DNNs.ipynb)
- [Faster training](https://nbviewer.jupyter.org/github/victorviro/Deep_learning_python/blob/master/Faster_optimizers_DNNs.ipynb)
- [Regularization techniques](https://nbviewer.jupyter.org/github/victorviro/Deep_learning_python/blob/master/Regularization_DNNs.ipynb)
- [Reusing pretrained layers](https://nbviewer.jupyter.org/github/victorviro/Deep_learning_python/blob/master/Reusing_pretrained_layers_DNNs.ipynb)
- [Introduction to TensorFlow: operations and data structures](https://nbviewer.jupyter.org/github/victorviro/Deep_learning_python/blob/master/TensorFlow_operations_and_data_structures.ipynb)
- [Custom models and custom training with TensorFlow](https://nbviewer.jupyter.org/github/victorviro/Deep_learning_python/blob/master/Tensorflow_custom_models_and_training.ipynb)
- [TensorFlow’s autodifferentiation](https://nbviewer.jupyter.org/github/victorviro/Deep_learning_python/blob/master/TensorFlow%E2%80%99s_autodifferentiation.ipynb)
- [Keras Functional and Subclassing APIs](https://nbviewer.jupyter.org/github/victorviro/Deep_learning_python/blob/master/Keras_Functional_API.ipynb)


## Computer Vision
- [Introduction to Convolutional Neural Networks (CNN)](https://nbviewer.jupyter.org/github/victorviro/Deep_learning_python/blob/master/Introduction_to_CNNs.ipynb)
- [CNN architectures](https://nbviewer.jupyter.org/github/victorviro/Deep_learning_python/blob/master/CNN_Architectures.ipynb)
- [Predictions with pre-trained models in Keras](https://nbviewer.jupyter.org/github/victorviro/Deep_learning_python/blob/master/Keras_pretained_models.ipynb)
- [Transfer learning CIFAR-10 Image Classification](https://nbviewer.jupyter.org/github/victorviro/Deep_learning_python/blob/master/Cifar_10_Image_classification_via_fine_tuning.ipynb)
- [Introduction to object detection](https://nbviewer.jupyter.org/github/victorviro/Deep_learning_python/blob/master/Introduction_to_object_detection.ipynb)
- [Improving object detection](https://nbviewer.jupyter.org/github/victorviro/Deep_learning_python/blob/master/Improving_object_detection.ipynb)
- [Object detection: YOLO](https://nbviewer.jupyter.org/github/victorviro/Deep_learning_python/blob/master/YOLO_explained.ipynb)
- [Wheat detection using YOLO](https://www.kaggle.com/viroviro/wheat-detection-using-yolov5)

## Sequence modeling
- [Introduction to Recurrent Neural Networks (RNN)](https://nbviewer.jupyter.org/github/victorviro/Deep_learning_python/blob/master/Introduction_to_RNNs.ipynb)
- [Forecasting a time series with RNN](https://nbviewer.jupyter.org/github/victorviro/Deep_learning_python/blob/master/Forecasting_a_time_series_with_RNN.ipynb)
- [RNN: Unstable gradients problem and Short-Term Memory](https://nbviewer.jupyter.org/github/victorviro/Deep_learning_python/blob/master/RNNs_long_sequences.ipynb)

## NLP
- [Text Vectorization](https://nbviewer.jupyter.org/github/victorviro/Deep_learning_python/blob/master/Text_Vectorization_NLP.ipynb)
- [Word2vec CBOW model](https://nbviewer.jupyter.org/github/victorviro/Deep_learning_python/blob/master/Word2vec_CBOW_model.ipynb)
- [Masking and padding with Keras](https://nbviewer.jupyter.org/github/victorviro/Deep_learning_python/blob/master/Masking_and_padding_with_Keras.ipynb)
- [Character-level lenguage model with RNN](https://nbviewer.jupyter.org/github/victorviro/Deep_learning_python/blob/master/Char_RNN_with_Keras.ipynb)
- [An Encoder Decoder RNN for Neural Machine Translation (NMT) with Keras](https://nbviewer.jupyter.org/github/victorviro/Deep_learning_python/blob/master/NLP_Encoder_Decoder_NMT.ipynb)
- [Bidirectional RNNs and Beam Search algorithm for improving NMT](https://nbviewer.jupyter.org/github/victorviro/Deep_learning_python/blob/master/Bidirectional_RNNs_and_Beam_Search.ipynb)
- [Attention mechanisms and the Transformer architecture](https://nbviewer.jupyter.org/github/victorviro/Deep_learning_python/blob/master/NLP_Attention_and_Transformer_architecture.ipynb)
- [Transfer learning and pre-trained language models](https://nbviewer.jupyter.org/github/victorviro/Deep_learning_python/blob/master/Transfer_learning_in_NLP.ipynb)
- [Detecting disaster tweets with DistilBERT](https://www.kaggle.com/viroviro/distilbert-for-detecting-disaster-tweets)

## Generative modeling

- [Autoencoders](https://nbviewer.jupyter.org/github/victorviro/Deep_learning_python/blob/master/Autoencoders_explained.ipynb)

## Deployment of Machine Learning Models

- [Deploying TensorFlow Models with TF Serving](https://nbviewer.jupyter.org/github/victorviro/Deep_learning_python/blob/master/Deploying_TensorFlow_Models_with_TF_Serving.ipynb)
- [Deploying TensorFlow Models with TF Serving in a Docker container](https://github.com/victorviro/tf_serving_mnist)
